BD-2078: Add Canvas approval user permission details (#5334)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/private_betas/canvas_approval.md

Only admins and users with permission to manage approval settings will see this page. Be sure to check that you have the proper [user permissions]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/manage_your_braze_users/user_permissions/) to approve Canvases.
{% endalert %}

### Setting user permissions

> After the approval workflow for Canvas has been turned on, you can begin settiing up permissions for your users to determine who can approve and deny Canvases.

Author: ```suggestion
After the approval workflow for Canvas has been turned on, you can begin setting permissions for your users to determine who can approve and deny Canvases.
```
